== Account Resource
Account-Controller Resource


[[registerNewUser]]
=== Register new user

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account-register-new-user/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/account-register-new-user/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account-register-new-user/http-response.adoc[]


[[activateNewUser]]
=== Activate new user

==== Request structure
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/account-activate-new-user/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/account-activate-new-user/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/account-activate-new-user/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account-activate-new-user/http-response.adoc[]


[[currentUserInformation]]
=== Get current user information

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/http-response.adoc[]


[[updateUserInformation]]
=== Update current user information

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account-update-user-information/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/account-update-user-information/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account-update-user-information/http-response.adoc[]


[[triggerPasswordReset]]
=== Trigger password reset

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account-trigger-password-reset/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/account-trigger-password-reset/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account-trigger-password-reset/http-response.adoc[]


[[confirmPasswordReset]]
=== Confirm password reset

==== Request structure
include::{snippets}/account-confirm-password-reset/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/account-confirm-password-reset/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/account-current-user-information/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/account-confirm-password-reset/http-response.adoc[]

